And now that we've gathered all of our past projects that we want to showcase, we brought them into
our editing software and we drop them into the timeline and created the proper sequence settings.
Now it's time to pass Selex.
Once we do that, we're going to create a rough edit and then we're going to refine and make a really
great looking at it.
So what we're going to do in this step is basically I want to color all these clips and we'll do more
coloring and labeling later.
But I know for a fact I want these separate from the drone footage, because it's going to be kind of
two separate videos in one if we can pull that off.
So I'm going to do that right away.
And because this is a demo reel, we're not going to be using any of the audio from these past projects.
We just want to use the visuals.
I forgot to mention that we're going to choose a track after we pull the Selex.
And we're going to.
Yeah.
Choose a few different music options to find one that fits the best, using the tech needs, using the
techniques that we learned early in the course.
So let's go ahead and remove the audio from these videos.
Were not going to be using that.
We're going to be using a musical track throughout the whole video.
And actually, you know what?
As far as the drone footage goes, I believe there's one in here that I do want to keep the audio.
Yeah, because this one has really cool sound of nature, sounds, atmosphere, sounds, the ocean,
air, everything.
So let's go ahead and keep that.
And now what I'm going to do is go through and start just kind of scrubbing because we got an hour of
content to work with here.
We want to get that hour down to like three minutes because we don't want to create a demo reel.
That's more than three minutes.
And in today's day and age, we want it to be more towards like a minute, a minute and a half.
So I'm just going to scrub through and I'm going to start looking for shots that either remember I know
I want to use or that catch my eye when I see it.
So you should have a pretty good memory of your footage and your past projects, so I know from this
past project, this was a trailer for a course that I did.
And I know I really liked these two shots.
I don't know if I'm going to use them, but and this is just the outro.
If I was a motion graphic editor, I wanted to display motion graphics and I would, you know, grab
this part.
And keep that and then delete the rest.
So what I just did was I grabbed these two shots and I grabbed this shot, and now we can go ahead and
label this so that we know these are from one project.
Now I'm a step forward here.
OK, we have this cool opening shot.
Let's go ahead and hit there.
Boom.
And just because you grab one shot doesn't mean you need to keep the whole thing.
I'm going to make a cut right here.
Even though this shot continues to extend, we don't really need all that.
None of these shots are going to last more than, you know, two to three seconds on screen.
So that's something to keep in mind.
It's really boom, boom, boom.
Fast pacing.
Keeping the shots moving forward.
Now, I remember this project and there's a shot.
This one I like, um, and cut it, OK?
I'm pretty sure the rest of it we're not going to use yet.
This was a video for a meditation retreat.
So, boom, we're good.
OK, great.
Now we're out a music video.
So let's skip forward here and sorry if I'm scrubbing through this quickly.
But like I said, I'm so familiar with these past projects because I saw them again and again and again
and again from version zero to version 10 on some of these projects.
So apologies for scrubbing fast, but I know this is a great shot.
And we go.
Zoom into the camera, OK?
Boom.
Let's go ahead and cut right there.
I'm going to label these.
So I'm pulling the Selex.
I'm labeling the different footage from different projects, different colors, so that it's easier
to scrub through when we get to the next process.
Now, let's go ahead and let's go here.
Yeah, I love that shot.
Okay.
Make a cut right there and boom, love it.
OK, boom.
Cut right there.
No, no.
Yeah, this was a music video for a client.
What was it called?
Oh, this was called Free Men.
Yeah.
So the idea that we came up with was to have all of these different warriors and soldiers from different
eras.
And the song itself is about ending war, ending fighting each other.
So we took all these different famous kind of soldiers that you read about in history, books like Red
Jacket, Red Coats, Indians, Samurai's, Different Soldiers from different years.
Oh, US Army, you know, modern, more modern army.
A business woman, a Sikh.
All these different kind of people.
And we put them in one room to share and show that they're not just different people, that they're
not just, you know, words on a page.
These are actually real people that we read about in so-and-so or 10000 people died.
You read that.
OK, I'm getting too deep into this.
So let's move on.
We got some good shots from there now.
Okay, cool.
We have this Athletes in Fashion Project, which was about NBA stars and their fashion style and what
they did off the court.
So these are all good.
Um oh.
There's this one shoe shop.
Yeah.
So we don't need like this is a good example.
There's a cool little sequence here, boom, boom.
But we don't need these don't mean anything.
But when we see like a product or something that's recognizable, that can catch people's attention.
Now, we have I remember this kind of cool mini montage here.
Oh, yeah, I love that shot.
OK, everything looks so good in slow motion.
OK, but let's keep it moving here because you can be here for a long time.
I'm not really going to grab any motion graphics.
That's not something that I focus on or that I feel like I need to showcase in my personal demo reel.
So even though a lot of these videos have different graphics, I'm going to take that out and label
it.
It's own specific color.
And I'm going to continue to go through and pull these Selex while you're pulling your selects as well.
And in the next video lesson, we're going to start our rough edit face and choosing our music.
So I will see you there.